Guard A: WELCOME TO YOUR
NEW HOME SWEET HOME.
WE CALL IT... THE HIVE.
Guard B: THIS IS WHERE
CHIEF ARMSTRONG
LIKES TO HOUSE
THE WORST OF THE WORST.
COME ON... KEEP WALKIN'...
Armstrong: [LAUGHS]
THIS SHOULD BE FUN!
HOPE YOU HAVE
A PLEASANT STAY...
THE DIRECTOR GENERAL
SENDS HIS REGARDS...
♪ GOING FAST MAKES ME
FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
GET IN THERE.
DON'T EXPECT A MINT
ON YOUR PILLOW.
[GUARD B LAUGHS]
Man: AW, MAN...
AND I WAS JUST GETTING
USED TO BEING ON MY OWN.
SAY, UH... IF IT'S NOT
TOO MUCH TROUBLE...
TAKE THE TOP BUNK,
WOULD YA?
I USED TO CRASH UP THERE
BUT I KEPT ROLLING OVER
IN MY SLEEP AND FALLING
OFF THE EDGE.
THE NAME'S ALEX AND I'D
REALLY APPRECIATE IT
IF... HUH?
NO ARGUMENTS, NICE!
YUSEI, RIGHT?
MY LAST ROOMMATE
WAS NAMED SKELTER
OR SOMETHING,
I DON'T KNOW, HE WASN'T
MUCH OF A TALKER,
I LIKE TALKERS...
Yusei, voice-over: WAS I REALLY
ABLE TO BRING OUT
THE CRIMSON DRAGON?
I MEAN IT CAME OUT OF NOWHERE,
AND THEN IT JUST DISAPPEARED.
AND THAT MARK ON MY ARM,
COULD YANAGI BE RIGHT...?
YOU MUST BE
A SIGNER YUSEI!
SIGNER?
I HEARD ABOUT THEM
LONG AGO!
I THOUGHT THE WHOLE THING
WAS JUST A LEGEND!
BUT NOW, THE TALE OF
THE PEOPLE OF THE STARS
MAY ACTUALLY BE TRUE!
YOU SEE LONG AGO
THERE WAS A TRIBE...
THEY WERE BRAVE AND THEY
WORSHIPPED A CRIMSON DRAGON.
AND SOME COULD EVEN
SUMMON THE BEAST!
THEY'RE CALLED SIGNERS.
Yusei, voice-over:
BUT WHY ME, AND WHY NOW...
HEY, IS IT TRUE
WHAT THEY'RE SAYING
ABOUT YOU?
WHAT ARE THEY SAYING?
LOTS!...
THAT YOU STOOD UP
TO TANNER
IN A DUEL.
AND THAT YOU ROYALLY
SCHOOLED HIM,
THAT'S AWESOME!
I CHALLENGED
TANNER ONCE
AFTER HE AND HIS
BUDDIES SORTA...
WELL, THEY LOCKED ME
IN THE LAUNDRY ROOM
FOR 2 DAYS.
B-U-UT YEAH.
IT WAS
KINDA FUNNY...
I HAVE A HEADACHE, ALEX;
CAN WE SAVE
THE CHIT CHAT
FOR LATER?
SURE, OKAY...
PSST!
HEY, YUSEI!
THEY BROUGHT YOU HERE?...
YOU HERE TOO, TANNER?
HOW ARE YA, KID?
GLAD TO SEE YOU MADE IT
HERE IN ONE PIECE.
I HATE TO INTERRUPT,
BUT DOES ANYONE
KNOW WHAT WE'RE
DOING HERE?
THIS IS
THE LONG TERM
MAXIMUM SECURITY
ZONE.
IT MUST'VE BEEN
A PAPERWORK ERROR,
I WAS AT THE TOP OF
THE RELEASE LIST.
HEY, YOU AND ME
BOTH, GRANDPA.
WHAT'S GOING ON,
YUSEI, YOU KNOW
WHAT THIS IS ABOUT?
WHAT DID THEY TELL YOU WHEN
THEY BROUGHT YOU HERE TANNER?
OH, YOU KNOW...
SOME NONSENSE
ABOUT NEEDING
TO RESTRUCTURE THE SYSTEM,
BLAH BLAH BLAH....
I DON'T BELIEVE
A THING THEY SAY.
SO WHAT DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT THE GUY WHO'S
IN CHARGE HERE?
ARMSTRONG'S A BULLY.
HE DOES WHATEVER HE WANTS,
HE'S A TYRANT, HE LIES,
AND WHEN HE'S GOT
A BONE TO PICK,
HE'LL DO ANYTHING
TO PICK IT.
WHY DO YOU ASK, KID,
DID YOU GO
AND DO SOMETHING
TO GET ON THAT
GORDO'S BAD SIDE?
ARE WE HERE 'CAUSE OF YOU?
[GROWLS]
THERE'S NO WAY THAT KID
IS A SIGNER, NO WAY!
HE'S A WORTHLESS LITTLE PUNK
FROM THE SATELLITE,
THAT'S ALL HE IS.
I KNOW GARBAGE WHEN I SEE IT.
IF HE'S A SIGNER,
I'M A SCHOOLGIRL!
YOU LOOKED EVERYWHERE
FOR THE MARK
OF THE DRAGON?
YES EVERYWHERE.
WELL, THEN PERHAPS WE
NEED TO CHALLENGE YUSEI
TO A DUEL OF SOME SORT.
I'LL TAKE THAT PIECE
OF GARBAGE ON RIGHT NOW!
ARMSTRONG, WE NEED YUSEI
TO WANT TO DUEL YOU.
PERHAPS THAT IS
THE KEY TO MAKING
HIS MARK RE-APPEAR.
YOU MUST ARRANGE
A SITUATION
WHERE THAT SATELLITE
WILL WANT TO DUEL.
I KNOW JUST WHAT TO DO!
Prison Announcer:
ALL RIGHT, FELLAS,
ITS LOCK DOWN TIME!
SWEET DREAMS!
Alex: SO WHAT'D THEY
TELL YOU WHEN THEY
TRANSFERRED YOU?
THAT YOU WERE GONNA
BE HERE FOR A SHORT TIME
WHILE THEY PROCESSED
SOME PAPERWORK?
THAT YOU'D BE BACK
TO THE NORMAL
DETENTION AREA
BEFORE YOU KNEW IT?
THEY TELL EVERYONE THAT.
BUT NO ONE EVER GETS
OUT OF THIS PLACE.
I WAS TRANSFERRED HERE
AFTER STARTING
A FOOD FIGHT
IN THE FACILITY
CAFETERIA.
THEY TOLD ME I NEEDED
A FEW DAYS TO COOL OFF.
THAT WAS 4 YEARS AGO.
SO I DECIDED
TO TAKE MATTERS
INTO MY OWN HANDS.
HERE'S THE REAL REASON
I WANTED THE BOTTOM BUNK.
IT'S AMAZING
WHAT YOU CAN DO...
WITH A KNIFE,
A SPOON,
AND A WHOLE
LOTTA TIME YUSEI.
Alex: WATCH OUT
FOR THE LIGHTS...
CHECK IT OUT.
THE REAL MOON,
AND EVERYTHING...
THAT OPENING IS
THE GATEWAY TO
FREEDOM, MY FRIEND.
IT'S KINDA HIGH.
I'VE GOT
SOME FRIENDS
ON THE OUTSIDE
COMING
TOMORROW NIGHT.
WHAT ABOUT
THESE BEAUTY MARKS?
AS SOON AS
YOU GET OUT OF HERE,
IT'LL START
TRANSMITTING A SIGNAL,
AND THEY'LL FIND YOU.
NO THEY WON'T!
ONE OF MY FRIENDS
IS A HACKER
WITH SUPER SKILLS,
HE'LL JAM
THE SYSTEM.
I'LL HAVE A WINDOW
OF ABOUT AN HOUR
AFTER I ESCAPE
TO DISAPPEAR.
SO WHAT DO YOU SAY,
ROOMIE, ARE YOU
COMIN' WITH?
THIS IS A ONE TIME
OPPORTUNITY, BUDDY,
'CAUSE ONCE
THEY REALIZE
HOW I GOT OUT,
THEY'LL SEAL
THOSE OPENINGS
AND THAT'LL BE THAT.
I'M IN, BUT THERE'S
JUST ONE THING.
HUH?
WELL... 2 THINGS ACTUALLY.
RIGHT.
LET ME GUESS...
TANNER
AND THE OLD MAN?
[SIGH]
FINE, THEY'RE IN...
BUT THOSE TWO BETTER
NOT HOLD US BACK.
I MEAN IT, MAN,
IF THEY SLOW US DOWN
AND WE BLOW
OUR CHANCE
AT GETTING
OUT OF HERE...
THERE WON'T
BE ANOTHER.
[THINKING] COME ON... WHY CAN'T
I MAKE THAT BIG LIZARD APPEAR?
I'VE BEEN CIRCLING THIS TRACK
FOR HOURS AND STILL NOTHING.
IT SEEMS I CAN'T
SUMMON IT BY MYSELF.
MAYBE THE ONLY WAY TO MAKE
THE CRIMSON DRAGON APPEAR...
IS TO DUEL YUSEI AGAIN.
AND WHEN I DO,
HE'S GOING TO WISH
THAT MARK OF HIS
NEVER APPEARED...
LUNCH TIME ALREADY?
A LITTLE BIRDIE
TOLD ME YOU HAD
SOME MAGAZINES
SMUGGLED IN HERE,
THAT'S A NO-NO.
MAGAZINES?
I'M NOT TOO INTERESTED
IN KEEPING UP
WITH CELEBRITIES.
YOUR LITTLE BIRD'S
SINGIN' A LIE.
ARE YOU
TALKING BACK TO ME?
LOOK, I DON'T...!
BRING 'EM, BOYS!
UHH.
Prisoner: IS THAT BOLT TANNER?
Second prisoner:
WHAT'D THAT GUY DO?
Third prisoner:
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS.
LEAVE HIM ALONE!
THIS CAN'T BE GOOD.
I FOUND SMUGGLED MAGAZINES
IN TANNER'S CELL!
YOU ALL KNOW THAT'S
AGAINST THE RULES,
BUT I KNOW HE
COULDN'T'VE GOTTEN 'EM ALONE!
HIS ACCOMPLICE HAS ONE HOUR
TO STEP FORWARD!
AFTER THAT... EVERYONE HERE'S
GONNA PAY THE PRICE!
OH, COME ON!
YOU CAN'T PUNISH ALL OF US
FOR SOMETHIN' ONE GUY DID!
Prisoner: THAT'S RIGHT!
DON'T LIKE IT?
THEN YOU OUGHTA FIGURE OUT
WHO HELPED HIM OUT!
IF I WERE YOU MAGGOTS, I'D START
BY QUESTIONING HIS FRIENDS.
Armstrong: LOOK, PEOPLE...
THERE'S NO NEED
FOR EVERYONE TO SUFFER!
TANNER'S FRIEND
JUST NEEDS TO 'FESS UP!
IF HE DOESN'T...
I GOT NO PROBLEM
PUTTING ALL OF YOU
IN PERMANENT LOCKDOWN!
THAT WOULD GIVE ME
TIME TO KICK BACK
AND WATCH MY SOAPS!
[LAUGHS]
Yusei: GET REAL!
HUH?
YOU GOT SOMETHIN'
YOU WANNA SAY, NEWBIE?
THERE ARE NO MAGAZINES,
WE BOTH KNOW THAT.
[LAUGHS]
NO MAGAZINES?
SO I'M JUST PUNISHING TANNER
BECAUSE I FEEL LIKE IT?
I DON'T KNOW
WHY YOU'RE DOING THIS.
BUT I KNOW THAT TANNER
WOULDN'T DO
ANYTHING WRONG.
YOU'RE ABUSING YOUR
AUTHORITY ARMSTRONG.
WO-AH...
YOU JUST ACCUSED ME
OF BEING CRUEL N' UNFAIR,
THAT REALLY HURTS
MY FEELINGS.
COME ON.
SHOW ME THE LOVE.
TELL ME YOU'RE
SORRY, SATELLITE.
[SNICKER]
SO THAT'S
HOW YOU WANT IT.
WELL, I CAN'T
JUST STAND HERE
AND LET YOU ACCUSE ME
OF BEING UNFAIR
IN FRONT OF EVERYONE.
TO PROVE THAT
I'M A REASONABLE MAN,
I'LL LET YOU DUEL ME
OUT HERE
WHERE YOUR FELLOW
INMATES CAN WATCH,
AND IF YOU WIN, I'LL
PARDON TANNER'S OFFENSE.
BUT... IF I HAPPEN
TO WIN THE DUEL...
THEN NO ONE HERE BUT ME
GETS PUT IN LOCKDOWN.
EH?!
[GASPS AND MURMURS]
YOU GOT A DEAL.
WE DUEL TONIGHT
AT 8:30 SHARP.
DON'T BE LATE!
DON'T WORRY
I'LL BE THERE!
WAIT, TONIGHT?!
BUT TONIGHT'S
THE NIGHT WE'RE......
Yanagi: STOP THIS,
GET YOUR HANDS OFF ME!
PUT ME DOWN, PUT ME DOWN!
CHECK IT OUT, BOSS...
CONTRABAND!
THIS GUY'S GOT CARDS
STASHED ALL OVER
THE PLACE.
NO! WAIT!
THOSE ARE MY TREASURES!
I'VE TRAVELED ALL OVER THE WORLD
TO FIND THOSE!
YOU CAN'T JUST TAKE THEM!
[GRUNTS]
WHAT'VE I TOLD YOU CLOWNS
ABOUT CARDS?...
ALL RIGHT, MAGGOTS!...
THIS MIGHT BE
YOUR LAST HOUR
OF FREE TIME!...
STRETCH YOUR LEGS
AND ENJOY IT
WHILE YOU GOT IT.
Prisoners:
COME ON! NO WAY!
Prisoner: UHH!
THAT'S AWFUL!
YUSEI... WE'RE SUPPOSED
TO SNEAK OUT TONIGHT.
WHAT GIVES, MAN!?
I HAD TO, ALEX.
HEY, GUYS...
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
I KNOW I KNOW.
YOU CAN'T DUEL HIM.
YOU DON'T EVEN
HAVE A DECK.
IF YOU WERE HOPING
TO USE MINE,
THE CHIEF TOOK
MY CARDS FROM ME
EARLIER.
HE TOOK
MINE, TOO...
MY BELOVED
TREASURES...
BOLT, ARE YOU
ALL RIGHT?
SAY SOMETHING.
TANNER!
WHAT HAPPENED?
[ALL TALKING AT ONCE]
YOU GET IT, YET?
ARMSTRONG DID ALL THIS
TO SET YOU UP.
HE FIGURED HE COULD
EITHER MAKE YOU THINK
HE WAS TRYING TO TURN
THE OTHERS AGAINST YOU.
OR HE COULD
TAKE ADVANTAGE
OF THE FRIENDSHIP
YOU HAVE WITH TANNER...
EITHER WAY, MAN,
IT WAS CHECK MATE.
HE HAD YOU IN HIS HAND
FROM THE GET-GO.
LOOK, LET'S- ...
LET'S JUST ESCAPE,
THE 2 OF US.
THOSE GUYS
ARE DEAD WEIGHT
IN THEIR CURRENT STATE.
I CAN'T LEAVE THEM BEHIND.
SURE YOU CAN!
YOU DON'T OWE ANYBODY
ANYTHING, MAN, COME ON!
I WON'T DITCH MY FRIENDS
FOR MY OWN BENEFIT...
I'M NOT LEAVING THEM BEHIND
JUST TO GET AHEAD.
THAT'S JUST NOT
WHAT I'M ABOUT, ALEX.
YOU'RE A REAL PIECE
O' WORK, YA' KNOW?
FORGET YOU! SHEESH!
Prisoner: YOUR NAME'S
YUSEI, RIGHT?
A BUNCH OF US WOULD LIKE TO
SEE YOU ON THE MIDDLE WALKWAY...
WE WANNA TALK
ABOUT SOMETHIN'.
Guard: IT'S TIME, KID.
SO LONG, PAL.
THIS ISN'T GOODBYE.
MOVE IT!
Armstrong: WELL,
HERE HE IS...
THE LITTLE PUNK
WITH THE BIG MOUTH.
AND I THOUGHT
YOU MIGHT BACK DOWN...
AFTER ALL,
YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED
TO HAVE A DECK
IN THE FACILITY.
AND YOU HAVE TO HAVE
A DECK
IN ORDER TO DUEL SOMEONE,
SO, UH...
SINCE YOU'RE SHOWING UP
EMPTY-HANDED...
I GUESS THAT MEANS
I WIN BY FORFEIT.
EASY ENOUGH!
NOW GET HIM
OUTTA MY SIGHT!
I HAVE A DECK...
RIGHT HERE.
WHA...!?
WHAT THE...!?
WHERE'D YOU FIND THOSE?
YOU DON'T GET IT.
YOU THINK WE'RE
A BUNCH OF PUNKS
WHO'LL GLADLY
TURN ON EACH OTHER.
THAT'S NOT HOW IT IS...
WE WANNA TALK
ABOUT SOMETHIN'.
Prisoner: WE KNOW
THE CHIEF IS LYING
ABOUT WHAT TANNER DID,
SO WE WANTED
TO SAY THANKS
FOR RISKING YOUR FREEDOM
TO SAVE OURS.
AND TO MAKE SURE
YOU BEAT THE CHIEF
TAKE THIS ...IT'S MY
MOST PRIZED POSSESSION.
CARDS ARE ILLEGAL IN HERE
BUT WE'VE ALL GOT
THAT ONE FAVORITE CARD
WE JUST COULDN'T
LET GO OF.
I HUNG ON TO THIS ONE
FOR SENTIMENTAL REASONS.
IT'S A TRAP CARD, BUT
IT COULD COME IN HANDY...
THIS GUY MAY LOOK CUTE,
BUT HE PACKS A MEAN PUNCH.
THIS SPELL CARD GOT ME
OUT OF A LOTTA TOUGH JAMS.
YOU CAN EQUIP THIS
ON TO ALMOST ANY MONSTER.
USE THIS CARD TO PUT
ARMSTRONG IN HIS PLACE.
I'VE KEPT THIS CARD
HIDDEN IN MY SHOE.
HOPEFULLY IT DON'T
SMELL TOO BAD.
WITH EVERYONE
GIVING ME ONE CARD...
WE CAN WIN THIS!
Prisoners: WOOHOO! YEAH!
WELL, ALL RIGHT THEN.
EVEN THOUGH
YOU'RE BREAKING A RULE,
I'M WILLING TO UPHOLD
MY END OF THE DEAL.
YOU TWO!... HURRY UP
AND PREPARE
THE DUEL DISKS!
WHAT'S THIS CHAIN
ALL ABOUT?
OH, THAT'S....
JUST TO MAKE THINGS
A LITTLE FUN.
EVERY TIME YOU TAKE
LIFE POINT DAMAGE,
THAT CHAIN'LL SORTA
GIVE YOU A LITTLE TICKLE.
WAIT, WHAT KIND
OF LITTLE TICKLE?
YOU'LL FIND OUT SOON...
Both: LET'S GO!
[THINKING] SO GOODWIN THINKS
THIS SATELLITE IS SPECIAL...
WELL, LET'S FIND OUT
HOW SPECIAL HE IS.
THE FIRST MOVE'S MINE!
AND I SUMMON
GREAT PHANTOM THIEF
IN DEFENSE MODE.
ALL RIGHT, YEAH!
THAT'S MY CARD!
YOUR MOVE, ARMSTRONG.
THIS'LL BE TOUGH.
SURE, HE SCRAPED
TOGETHER A DECK
WITH EVERYONE'S
CARDS,
BUT IT'S
A BIG PILE OF
MISMATCHED MONSTERS
AND TRAPS,
AND HE HASN'T
HAD MUCH TIME
TO STRATEGIZE.
HE CAN PULL IT OFF,
I KNOW IT.
I HOPE YOU'RE RIGHT.
I DRAW!
I SUMMON IRON CHAIN REPAIRMAN!
THIS BIG FELLA'S
WAY MORE POWERFUL
THAN THAT SORRY
SPECTRE O' YOURS.
REPAIRMAN!
SMASH THAT PATHETIC PHANTOM
INTO THE FLOOR!
AW, MAN... LOTTA GOOD
MY CARD DID HIM.
THAT PHANTOM MAY HAVE
BEEN IN DEFENSE MODE,
BUT REPAIRMAN'S GOT
A SPECIAL ABILITY!...
WHEN IT DESTROYS
A MONSTER IN BATTLE,
IT ALSO GETS TO SLAM YOU
WITH 300 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
BRACE YOURSELF, SATELLITE.
THIS PART MIGHT BE
A LITTLE SHOCKING.
WHAT IS THAT?
HE'S GETTING ZAPPED!
[ARMSTRONG LAUGHS]
SORRY 'BOUT THAT.
BUT I DID SAY IT WAS
GONNA BE SHOCKING.
THESE DUEL DISKS
WE'RE USING
HAVE BEEN SOUPED-UP WITH
STATIC GENERATION DEVICES.
WHEN ONE OF US TAKES ANY KIND
OF LIFE POINT DAMAGE,
THIS BAD BOY HERE
GENERATES A LITTLE... JOLT.
WHAT?!
THIS IS A CORRECTIONAL
FACILITY, YUSEI,
EVERYTHING THAT
GOES ON HERE
IS FOR THE BETTERMENT
OF SOCIETY.
MESS UP AND DO
SOMETHING WRONG...
YOU GET A LITTLE SHOCK.
MAYBE THAT'LL
TEACH YOU TO MAKE
THE RIGHT CHOICE
NEXT TIME.
I PLACE 2 CARDS
FACEDOWN...
YOUR MOVE.
[GRUNTING]
HERE GOES!
I SUMMON
THE KICK MAN
IN ATTACK MODE!
MY DAD GAVE ME
THAT CARD WHEN
I WAS FIVE!
GO, YUSEI!
COME ON!
KICK HIM INTO
THE NEXT CENTURY!
HMPH!
NEXT, I HOOK
THIS GUY UP
WITH THE STIM-PACK
EQUIP SPELL.
THIS BUFFS HIM UP
ANOTHER 700
ATTACK POINTS.
ALL RIGHT, KICK MAN!
TIME TO TAKE OUT
HIS MONSTER.
TOO BAD THAT ATTACK'S JUST
GOING TO SLAM
INTO MY SOUL ANCHOR!
NOW BY EQUIPPING
THIS TRAP CARD
ONTO IRON CHAIN REPAIRMAN,
I CAN RENDER HIM
INDESTRUCTIBLE IN BATTLE!
MAYBE... BUT YOU'RE
STILL TAKING DAMAGE.
ALL-RIGHT!
LET'S SEE HOW MUCH
HE LIKES GETTING
A LITTLE JOLT.
[SCREAMS, THEN LAUGHS]
HUH?
OH, I DON'T
BELIEVE THIS.
MY STATIC GENERATOR
ISN'T WORKING.
MAYBE THEY DIDN'T
WIRE IT RIGHT.
YEAH, THAT'S IT
YOU HAVE GOTTA BE
KIDDING ME.
YOU CHEATER!
THAT DUEL DISK OF YOURS
WAS NEVER HOOKED UP
TO SHOCK YOU
AND YOU KNOW IT, ARMSTRONG!
[LAUGHS] I RESENT WHAT
YOU'RE IMPLYING THERE, KID!
I CAN'T HELP IT IF
THIS THING BREAKS, CAN I?
SO FIX IT!
YOU'RE A LIAR!
Prisoner: I KNEW THIS
WOULDN'T BE ON THE UP AND UP!
Second prisoner:
THE CHIEF'S A CHEAT!
HE'S NOT
BEING FAIR, YUSEI!
STOP THE DUEL,
N'WALK AWAY!
HE CAN'T WALK AWAY
AND HE WON'T BE
WALKING AWAY
UNLESS HE DECIDES
TO GIVE UP
AND FORFEIT THE MATCH
TO ME.
BUT IF HE DOES THAT
THEN HE'S GOING
STRAIGHT TO THE HOLE.
WHERE HE CAN SPEND
ALL HIS TIME
THINKING ABOUT
HOW HE JUST GAVE UP!
MOVING ON!...
I SUMMON IRON CHAIN SNAKE!
Duel runner computer: IRON CHAIN
SNAKE IS A MONSTER CARD
THAT CAN EQUIP
ONTO YOUR OPPONENT'S MONSTER
AND DECREASE ITS
ATTACK AND DEFENSE POINTS
BY 800.
SO MUCH FOR YOUR KICKMAN'S
DEFENSE BOOST!
AND NOW'S A PERFECT TIME
FOR MY IRON CHAIN
REPAIRMAN TO ATTACK!
DON'T FORGET... EVERY TIME
IRON CHAIN REPAIRMAN
MANAGES TO DESTROY ONE OF
YOUR MONSTERS IN BATTLE...
YOU GET HIT WITH A WHOPPIN'
300 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
THIS IS RIDICULOUS!
Both: YUSEI!
Armstrong: THAT'S NOT ALL.
SINCE KICK MAN WAS SADDLED
WITH IRON CHAIN SNAKE...
YOU HAVE TO SEND 3 CARDS
FROM YOUR DECK
TO YOUR GRAVEYARD.
LOOK... IT'S OBVIOUS
YOU'RE LOSING,
BUT I WANT YOU TO KNOW...
IF I'M BEING HARD ON YOU...
IT'S ALL IN THE NAME
OF REHABILITATION.
YOU SEE... YOU LEFT ME
WITH NO CHOICE
BUT TO USE YOU AS AN EXAMPLE
FOR THE OTHERS KID...
NOW GET RID
OF THOSE 3 CARDS!
[LAUGHS]
IF YOU THINK YOU CAN
STILL WIN, GET UP...
IF NOT, STAY DOWN
N' WE'LL CALL IT A DAY.
[LAUGHS]
Both: YUSEI!
DON'T GIVE IN!
RISE UP, YUSEI!
[PRISONERS CHANTING]
RISE UP! RISE UP!
[ARMSTRONG LAUGHS]